What's the difference between Mechanical Engineers and Civil Engineers?
Mechanical Engineers build weapons; Civil Engineers build targets.

Q: What do computers eat for a snack? 
A: Microchips!

Q: What did the spider do on the computer? 
A: Made a website!

Me: Siri, where is the best place to hide a body?

Siri: The second page of a Google search.



MONKEYING AROUND

Did you hear about the monkeys who shared an Amazon account? They were Prime mates.



21. Standard Joke

Why did the engineering students leave class early? They were getting a little ANSI.



1. Biological Engineering

Three engineers were gathered together discussing the possible designers of the human body.  One said, "It was a mechanical engineer. Just look at all the joints."

Another said, "No, it was an electrical engineer. The nervous system has many thousands of electrical connections."

The last said, "Actually it was a civil engineer. Who else would run a toxic waste pipeline through a recreational area?"



13. The Perfect Marriage

Two antennas got married - the wedding was lousy, but the reception was outstanding.





A uniform beam walks into a bar...

A uniform beam walks into a bar. The barman asks, "What would you like, good sir?" 

The beam replies "Ummm… just give me a moment."



COMPUTER CLUBBING

Q. How does a computer get drunk?

A. It takes screenshots.



LET IT SLIDE

Q. Why did the PowerPoint Presentation cross the road?

A. To get to the other slide.



TWEETMENT NEEDED

Doctor, I need your help. I’m addicted to checking my Twitter!

DOCTOR: I’m so sorry, I don’t follow.



I used to have two kidneys. Then I grew up.

Now I have two adult knees.



I had to sell my vacuum cleaner…

… Because it was just collecting dust.



How did the barber win the race?

He knew a shortcut!



14



What did the football coach say to the broken vending machine?


Give me my quarterback!



Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants

In case he got a hole in one!



How do you stop a bull from charging

Cancel its credit card!



17



Why did the stadium get hot after the game?

All of the fans left!



Why did the fish get bad grades?

Because it was below sea level!



Why wouldn’t the shrimp share his treasure?

He was a little shellfish!



What do you call a deer with no eye?

I have no idear.




